Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
We are reaching a crucial moment.
Our backs are to the river!
There's no way to escape!
Stake your lives on this fight!
To survive, we have no choice
but to stake our lives on this fight!
If we are able survive...
...we are as good as victorious!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Conqueror
This dry sand is flying everywhere.
I can't see anything.
Well, it seems
certain that our army will win.
Either way, everyone
guarding the castle has left.
It's because they've been promised a
reward if they capture the enemy's head.
They're just greedy,
every single one of them.
Think of our rotten luck, here we are
standing as sentries at a time like this!
Hey, what's wrong?
The enemy?
Where the hell did they come from?
Charge!
First formation,
block off the castle gates!
Do not allow enemy
messengers to leave the castle!
Got it!
The rest of you,
carry out the operation!
Hurry!
There isn't a moment to lose!
Is that...
You go from the right!
Charge!
Cover the castle
gate and the castle walls!
Forget about their command center!
Adon, to the rescue!
It's you...
I'll give you credit for
being a persistent devil.
I am well known as the
indestructible baron, Adon!
Everyone inevitably prostrates
themselves before my incredible vitality!
I, Adon, already saw through
all your cheap tricks long ago!
Therefore, I offered my
services as the castle guard...
...and I waited patiently as you
marched ignorantly toward us.
You lie.
I do not lie!
Everyone, step forward!
Behold!
The Blue Whale Super
Strong Heavy Assault Knights!
I purposely left my troops inside
the castle for just such an occasion!
Now, I am going to have my
revenge for the previous battle!
Listen!
Do not allow any of them
to escape with their lives.
Charge!
Let's go!
I'll avenge my brother Samson's death!
I give you no quarter!
What's taking them?
I have been kept waiting
for Griffith's capture too long!
I have a report!
A single horseman of great skill
blocks our way to Count Griffith.
Our armed force cannot
readily get closer to him...
You are all helpless!
What is he?
Is there anyone who can stop him?
General Boscogn!
The General will do it...
What?
Unbelievable...
Stay out of it!
We'll be in trouble if we get
caught up in that fierce battle!
Amazing!
That's our big sister all right!
Why is it?
Your swordplay is
so different than before!
I wasn't feeling too well back then.
The hell you weren't!
Don't make poor excuses...
Wait until I'm finished speaking!
Why don't you keep your
mouth closed for a moment?
The enemy has only a small number!
Don't let up, overcome them!
The future of the
Hawks rests on this battle!
Thank you, Pippin!
Dammit!
It's just a matter of time
before we're wiped out!
Just look at their numbers!
What are you talking about, Corkus?
Are you saying we should desert?
I'm not saying that, but...
If I have to desert to live,
I might as well die in this battle!
Oh, no!
Little Ricket has gone insane!
He's right!
I agree with Ricket!
My army is utterly overwhelming them!
Attack them!
Keep on attacking
and overpower them!
Boscogn, why are you spending so
much time in battle with a mere horseman?
Strong!
This guy is...
...truly strong...
My death feels closer now than
when I was slaughtering a hundred men.
I'm going to have to put
everything on the line now...
...or I'll die!
No...
I've been through worse...
This hopelessness is nothing
compared to what I felt then...
How dare you...
Only one thing to do now!
I am terribly sorry!
What?
I beg your pardon for my lack
of courtesy, please forgive me!
After all, I'm just a lowly commander,
following orders from the General.
Personally, I've never wanted
any sort of grudge against you!
Now, now...
Please take this castle if you wish!
I'm the last person who
would stand in your way...
...and I would like to
thank you for sparing my life!
You are a disgusting man...
My clever ruse has put you off guard...
Big Sister!
Foolish woman!
That was Ressha Jinrai, the
secret art of the crossbow sneak attack...
...passed down through the
Coborlwitz family for one thousand years!
The tip of the arrow was poisoned,
and it will numb your entire body.
Your days of sinful
deeds are over, you evil bitch!
I can't afford...
...to waste my time
playing your foolish games...
...any longer!
It's ruined!
My sword was chipped and cracked
during the fight against a hundred men...
This is the end...
...for the Commander of the Raiders!
Here I come!
I might be able to keep you alive...
...as my personal toy,
if you obediently give up now.
But, if you refuse...
Take that, and that!
Take that and that and that!
Dammit, my body is
numb and I'm helpless...
Big Sister!
Well, what are you going to do?
You can no longer evade my blows...
I'll get you back for
what you did to my face!
First I'll chop off
your arms and your legs!
Then you can explain whether
or not you want to be my captive...
...and I'll listen at my leisure!
Your legs go first!
What?
Impossible!
You were a fairly interesting man.
As well as an
irredeemable, revolting bastard!
Now!
The rest are no match for us!
Cut them down!
Now then...
Help the Commander!
Get back!
You're no match for him!
Unwanted fools!
Guts!
Take up that sword!
He did it, finally!
Amazing...
He's utterly helpless...
That can't be!
Sir Boscogn is an invincible knight...
Don't be a fool!
Even without the General...
...nothing can effect
our army's advantage!
We can't let up now!
Governor, look at that!
What's that?
T-That is...
The enemy's flag?
Our castle surrendered?
What's the meaning of this?
Don't you get it yet?
Your head has been cut off!
Your castle has fallen!
Don't tell me you
haven't figured it out yet?
You've been completely defeated!
We lost?
Did we?
Everyone, shout!
Give a shout of triumph!
From now on, we will hunt
the remnants of the enemy.
Only let the enemy pass
if they immediately flee!
If they resist,
exterminate every last one them!
Wait, everyone!
I am the commander-in-chief!
I am still alive!
Griffith...
It's been a while, Governor Gennon...
Oh, Griffith...
I missed you so much.
You and I always helped one another.
So, you are going to let me
escape unharmed, aren't you?
I even gave my soldiers the order that...
...you were not to be
harmed under any circumstance.
You understand the feelings
within my heart, don't you?
Not a day passed
that I did not think of you.
We loved each other
passionately on that night...
You will listen to my plea, won't you?
You don't...
...bear any ill will toward me, do you?
I do not bear any ill
feelings at all, Governor.
Oh, then you...
However, it upsets me when
you speak of us making love...
...for I feel absolutely
nothing for you at all.
Neither ill feelings or otherwise...
What are you talking about, Griffith?
I took advantage of an opportunity
and you happened to be there at the time.
I just picked up a
pebble lying in my path...
...and it happened to
be none other than you.
Y-You bastard!
At any rate, a chattering
pebble can be quite a nuisance.
Unbelievable!
We finally made it!
Can you believe it?
Are you all right?
Yeah...
I'm feeling a bit better...
Don't worry about me.
You must go check to see if
any enemies remain within the castle.
Yes!
Hey, get moving.
We've got a job to do!
All right!
Hey, good job.
What's wrong?
Just a scratch...
But to tell you the truth...
I want you to give me your shoulder.
Amazing...
Hey...
I always feel like this...
Whenever I see Griffith
surrounded by his comrades like that...
I don't know why, but my
heart becomes filled with sorrow.
Because he seems to be so far away...
...beyond my reach.
That's not true...
Hey, what are you doing!
Let's go.
To see your captain.
Yeah...
No, it couldn't have been...
The time of the great Eclipse is near.
And the devils will soon descend...
The Castle of Doldrey fell.
For the time being,
our long war will be over.
Then, Griffith will be free...
...to let his political views intrude
into the administration our kingdom.
He is shameless enough to do
such things despite his low social rank.
His Majesty seems to
rely upon him very much.
Because of his services rendered,
he will attain the position of General.
Really?
His Majesty will give
the Hawks the title of White Knights...
...only born by the White Tigers and
the White Dragon Knights until now.
That title indicates supreme
command of our entire army!
Nonsense!
Now he'll be even more inflated!
However, it has been proven that his
survival skills are lacking within the castle...
What is that?
Antiaris...
...a poison that acts instantaneously...
We shall use this on him...
Are you sure about this?
No matter what, our scheme
must not be traced back to us.
We will not do such a thing personally.
However...
Do not fear.
Your Majesty!
You can leave everything in my hands...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Why does a man
desire to reach the summit?
Why does a man crave to
win thunderous applause?
Dream, ambition, love, hope...
Could the pride of a youthful heart
actually be forbidden in this world?
Moment of Glory
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm